README.md, before:

# Biometric-Auth-Compat

## Project purpose
The goal of this project is provide a very easy to use but powerful library in order to support biometric authentication across different android api level (from android 23 to Android 29) without requires Androidx 

### Intro
With jetpack, Google provide a library named androidx.biometric:
"*On devices running P and above, this will show a system-provided authentication prompt, using a device's supported biometric (fingerprint, iris, face, etc). On devices before P, this will show a dialog prompting for fingerprint authentication. The prompt will persist across orientation changes unless explicitly canceled by the client. For security reasons, the prompt will automatically dismiss when the activity is no longer in the foreground.*"

Sounds good... but with androidx.biometric:
 - require AndroidX in your project
 - is currently an alpha (not ready for production)
 - It doesn't work well on android sdk 23

This project want to have the same flexibility and features of androidx.biometric, but with support to currently large used compat library (and in the future the possibility to switch to android.x without change your code)


## Roadmap
To be defined

Commit message:

update readme with milestone def

README.md, after:

# Biometric-Auth-Compat

## Project purpose
The goal of this project is provide a very easy to use but powerful library in order to support biometric authentication across different android api level (from android 23 to Android 29) without requires Androidx 

### Intro
With jetpack, Google provide a library named androidx.biometric:
"*On devices running P and above, this will show a system-provided authentication prompt, using a device's supported biometric (fingerprint, iris, face, etc). On devices before P, this will show a dialog prompting for fingerprint authentication. The prompt will persist across orientation changes unless explicitly canceled by the client. For security reasons, the prompt will automatically dismiss when the activity is no longer in the foreground.*"

Sounds good... but with androidx.biometric:
 - require AndroidX in your project
 - is currently an alpha (not ready for production)
 - It doesn't work well on android sdk 23

This project want to have the same flexibility and features of androidx.biometric, but with support to currently large used compat library (and in the future the possibility to switch to android.x without change your code)


## Roadmap
This is a work in progress
### milestone 0 (wip)
 - Define dialog view for api from 23 to 27 (with legacy compat library)
 - Use fingerprint or prompt api, depending on api lever.
 - Define and manage crypto entities, depending on authentication purpose.
 - Find a way to simplify the crypto operation and data transport
### milestone 1
To be defined
